what up kids it's cole this is erl
i've traveled all over the world looking
for the wildest experiences to entertain
you guys
you watched commented and told me what
to do next i challenge
all of you to find something that scares
me i dare you come on
we are taking you to an escape room
experience in moscow
i have a buddy named alexi he wants to
take us everywhere
i'm talking the best clubs the best
restaurant
this guy's so rich that everything he
does is the best
i've been to escape rooms man but not
one like this because they make it just
for you
you have to be invited look i get that
there are two sides of you
there's this public hole and there's
this private cold
i just don't really know the real you
remember as real as everything might
seem
you're safe not sketchy at all
they will begin streaming it directly
into your device from the cameras
let's do it this is crazy
what's going on
what happened here what the hell is this
this is your guy you was just talking
i don't know him all that well what we
were in russia with some guy that you
barely know
are you crazy we don't have our phones
our wallets our passports anything we
need to leave now
people are paying to watch they change
it every single time it's intense but
it's a game
i couldn't say nothing earlier because
he is always watching
hello cole how do you know my name
is young americans
you think you're so sick what if this is
still part of it no
we lost look at the timer
please never go mine is just
a little more selective than yours
[Music]
wait oh yo delete that last part no dude
this is live
you